content/rc/administration/account-team-settings.md, before:

---
Title: Account and Team Settings
description:
weight: 40
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RC"]
aliases: /rv/administration/account-team-settings/
---
On this page you can view settings for your Redis Cloud account and team.
You can:

- Add or edit your VAT ID
- Change the account Time Zone
- Add a new Relic license key
- Configure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

When you set up [SSL/TLS]({{< relref "/rc/securing-redis-cloud-connections.md" >}}) for your account,
you must enter the downloadable Redis Labs CA Certificate from this page.

![settings](/images/rc/settings.png)

## Team Management

To manage the team of people who have access to the account, click on
the "Team" tab and you will be presented with the current list of team
members on this account.

- To add more team members, click ![Add](/images/rs/icon_add.png#no-click "Add").
- To edit an existing team member, click ![Edit](/images/rc/icon_edit.png#no-click "Edit").

Team members can have different roles to the account:

- **Owner** - Can view, create, and edit any settings in the account
- **Member** - Can view, create, and edit databases.
- **Viewer** - Can view databases

## Multi Factor Authentication (MFA)

To reduce the chances of unauthorized use of a user account, you can enforce MFA.
This forces every user to enter their username, password, and an authentication code sent to them by text message or generated by an app on their smartphone.

MFA authentication requires a phone that can receive text messages.

### Enforcing MFA

After MFA is enforced for the account, all users are required to configure MFA the next time they log in to Redis Cloud.
We recommend that you send an email the Redis Cloud users to notify them of this change before you enforce MFA.

To enforce MFA for all user accounts, the account owner must enable **MFA enforcement** in **Settings** > **Account**.

### Configuring MFA for Text Messages

The default MFA configuration sends an authentication code by text message that you must enter when you log in.

To configure MFA for your user account:

1. Log into your account.
1. In the menu, click on your name.
1. In your user profile, click **Multi-Factor Authentication**.
1. Click **Activate Now**
1. Enter your mobile phone number and enter the confirmation code sent to you by text message.

Your account is now configured for MFA.
When you log in to Redis Cloud, you are sent an authentication code by text message that you must enter.

To change the mobile phone number, click **Configure** for the text message code and enter the new mobile phone number.

{{% note %}}
We recommend that you also configure MFA for the Authenticator app as a second method of MFA.
If you cannot login to your account because of MFA, contact [Support](https://redislabs.com/company/contact/support/).

If your mobile phone is lost or stolen, make sure that you update the MFA configuration to avoid unauthorized logins.
{{% /note %}}

### Configuring MFA for Authenticator App

After you configure MFA for text messages, you can also configure MFA for the Google Authenticator app.
If you do, when you log in to Redis Cloud you can do MFA either:

- With an authentication code sent by text message
- With the authentication code shown in the Authenticator app

To configure MFA for the Authenticator app:

1. Install the Google Authenticator app on your phone from the Apple Store or Google Play.
1. Add Redis Cloud to the app:
    1. In your profile in your Redis Cloud account, click **Multi-Factor Authentication**.
    1. Click **Configure** for the authenticator app.
    1. On your phone, open the Authenticator app.
    1. Press the plus sign and press **Scan a barcode**.
    1. Scan the Redis Cloud barcode.

When you log in to Redis Cloud, you can do MFA either with a text message or the Authenticator app.
If you do MFA with the Authenticator app, you must open the Authenticator app and enter the Redis Labs code into the Redis Cloud login.

### Deactivating MFA

You can deactivate MFA for your user account.
If MFA is enforced for all users, you are required to activate MFA at the next login.

To deactivate MFA, go to your profile, click **Multi-Factor Authentication**, and click **Deactivate**.

Commit message:

Discern between "using MFA" and "enforcing MFA"

content/rc/administration/account-team-settings.md, after:

---
Title: Account and Team Settings
description:
weight: 40
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RC"]
aliases: /rv/administration/account-team-settings/
---
On this page you can view settings for your Redis Cloud account and team.
You can:

- Add or edit your VAT ID
- Change the account Time Zone
- Add a new Relic license key
- Configure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

When you set up [SSL/TLS]({{< relref "/rc/securing-redis-cloud-connections.md" >}}) for your account,
you must enter the downloadable Redis Labs CA Certificate from this page.

![settings](/images/rc/settings.png)

## Team Management

To manage the team of people who have access to the account, click on
the "Team" tab and you will be presented with the current list of team
members on this account.

- To add more team members, click ![Add](/images/rs/icon_add.png#no-click "Add").
- To edit an existing team member, click ![Edit](/images/rc/icon_edit.png#no-click "Edit").

Team members can have different roles to the account:

- **Owner** - Can view, create, and edit any settings in the account
- **Member** - Can view, create, and edit databases.
- **Viewer** - Can view databases

## Multi Factor Authentication (MFA)

To reduce the chances of unauthorized access to the Redis Cloud Admin Console, it is possible to both enable MFA as an individual user, as well as to enforce it for all users in the account as an account owner.

When MFA is enabled it forces users to enter their username, password, and an authentication code sent to them by text message or generated by an app on their smartphone. MFA authentication requires a phone that can receive text messages.

### Using MFA

Individual users are able to enable MFA for their user account as described in the sections below.

#### Configuring MFA for Text Messages

The default MFA configuration sends an authentication code by text message that you must enter when you log in.

To configure MFA for your user account:

1. Log into your account.
1. In the menu, click on your name.
1. In your user profile, click **Multi-Factor Authentication**.
1. Click **Activate Now**
1. Enter your mobile phone number and enter the confirmation code sent to you by text message.

Your account is now configured for MFA.
When you log in to the Redis Cloud Admin Console, you are sent an authentication code by text message that you must enter.

To change the mobile phone number, click **Configure** for the text message code and enter the new mobile phone number.

{{% note %}}
We recommend that you also configure MFA for the Authenticator app as a second method of MFA.
If you cannot login to your account because of MFA, contact [Support](https://redislabs.com/company/contact/support/).

If your mobile phone is lost or stolen, make sure that you update the MFA configuration to avoid unauthorized logins.
{{% /note %}}

#### Configuring MFA for Authenticator App

After you configure MFA for text messages, you can also configure MFA for the Google Authenticator app.
If you do, when you log in to the Redis Cloud Admin Console you can do MFA either:

- With an authentication code sent by text message
- With the authentication code shown in the Authenticator app

To configure MFA for the Authenticator app:

1. Install the Google Authenticator app on your phone from the Apple Store or Google Play.
1. Add Redis Cloud to the app:
    1. In your profile in your Redis Cloud account, click **Multi-Factor Authentication**.
    1. Click **Configure** for the authenticator app.
    1. On your phone, open the Authenticator app.
    1. Press the plus sign and press **Scan a barcode**.
    1. Scan the Redis Cloud barcode.

When you log in to the Redis Cloud Admin Console, you can do MFA either with a text message or the Authenticator app.
If you do MFA with the Authenticator app, you must open the Authenticator app and enter the Redis Labs code into the Redis Cloud login.

#### Deactivating MFA

You can deactivate MFA for your user account. To deactivate MFA, go to your profile, click **Multi-Factor Authentication**, and click **Deactivate**.


### Enforcing MFA

Account owner users can require MFA for all users in their account. After MFA is enforced for the account, all users are required to configure MFA the next time they log in to the Redis Cloud Admin Console if they have not enabled it already. As long as MFA enforcement is enabled, users cannot disable MFA for their own account.

The account owner can enable **MFA enforcement** in **Settings** > **Account**. We recommend that you send an email to all the Redis Cloud Admin Console users to notify them of this change before you enforce MFA.

Note that disabling MFA enforcement will not disable MFA on the individual user accounts, it just allows users to disable it.
